## Lifestyle
Your Lifestyle determines how you live, what you eat, and how you have fun. **Whenever you live beyond** **the Lifestyle you paid for at the beginning of the month, the GM will charge you separately** **for your expenditures.**

If you don't pay for your lifestyle at the start of a month, you have one week to do so before you roll a Death
Save at the start of each day you don't. A kibble lifestyle is only 100eb a month. You shouldn't starve ... but the
only difference between some brands of Kibble and dog food is cheeseburger flavoring.

| Lifestyle      | What It Entails                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Monthly Cost |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------ |
| Kibble         | You eat horrible food that you might not buy for a dog you liked. Once a month, you can see a movie or braindance.                                                                                                                                     | 100eb        |
| Generic Prepak | You eat food which tastes much better than kibble, by comparison. Each weekend, you can afford to go out to a good bar and party or have a sit-down meal at a good restaurant.                                                                         | <br>300eb    |
| Good Prepak    | Your food is the same quality as most restaurants, and while still artificial it tastes almost exactly the same as real food. You frequent excellent bars and restaurants when you go out. Once a month, you can see a Live Concert or Sporting Event. | <br>600eb    |
| Fresh Food     | You eat real food. Once per month if you are tired and too far from home, you can get a nearby hotel room and not worry about your budget. You frequent an executive bar. Once a month, you can eat at a world class restaurant.                       | <br>1500eb   |
## Housing
You have to sleep sometime. A safe and comfortable place is preferable.

At the beginning of every month, you'll have to settle your Housing and Lifestyle Costs. If you must pick one or the other, it's better to be evicted than to starve to death. Going without at least 6 hours of sleep a day will give you a -2 to everything you attempt for each day since you've last slept a full 6 hours.

Sleeping in an uncomfortable situation will leave you fatigued the next day, which will penalize you an additional -2 to everything you attempt while fatigued. This won't kill you, but it doesn't feel good, either. What does sleeping uncomfortable mean?

1. **Being crammed**: sleeping in housing with a number of persons greater than 1 + the number of bedrooms. Persons unconscious in Cryo-stasis and corpses do not count toward this limit. A Cube Hotel is the only exception. Sleeping with more than one person in a cube is always sleeping uncomfortable and will leave you fatigued the next day.
2. **Sleeping on the street**: Unless you make a successful DV15 Endurance Check, sleeping on the street will leave you fatigued. Sleeping on the street is also asking for trouble. 
3. **Sleeping in the wilderness**: Unless you make a successful DV15 Wilderness Survival Check, sleeping in the wilderness will leave you fatigued. Unlike sleeping on the street, other persons can roll this Wilderness Survival Check for you. Nomad friends are nice to have.
### Real Estate

| Real Estate                       | Cost to Rent (per month) | Cost to Purchase |
| --------------------------------- | ------------------------ | ---------------- |
| Living on the Street              | N/A                      | N/A              |
| Living on the Street in a Vehicle | N/A                      | N/A              |
| Cube Hotel                        | 500eb                    | N/A              |
| Cargo Container                   | 1,000eb                  | 15,000eb         |
| Studio Apartment                  | 1,500eb                  | 25,000eb         |
| Two-Bedroom Apartment             | 2,500eb                  | 35,000eb         |
| Corporate Conapt                  | Given to you by a Corp   | N/A              |
| Upscale Conapt                    | 7,500eb                  | 85,000eb         |
| Luxury Penthouse                  | 15,000eb                 | 50,000eb         |
| Corporate Beaverville House       | Given to you by a Corp   | 200,000eb        |
| Corporate Beaverville McMansion   | Given to you by a Corp   | 500,000eb        |
#### Living on the Street
**Every night, unless you make a successful DV15 Endurance Check, sleeping on the street will leave you fatigued the next day (You have -2 to everything you attempt while fatigued)**. Sleeping on the street is also asking for trouble. You have no security, heating, or electricity to speak of, and you can't realistically have more things than you could carry at any given time. You wouldn't be doing this if you owned a car.
#### Living on the Street in a Vehicle
Living on the street is asking for trouble. Your vehicle requires fully enclosed glass to do this. You will have limited security unless your vehicle has a Security upgrade and Bulletproof windows. You have enough room to store your stuff, and with a bed, inflatable or otherwise, you can sleep comfortably. **Otherwise, unless you make a successful DV15 Endurance Check, sleeping in your car will leave you fatigued the next day (You have -2 to everything you attempt while fatigued)**. You've got Electricity, but no Water unless your Vehicle is designed to be lived in. You can't sleep in your car in Corporate, Executive, or Moderate Zones without being forced to leave at gunpoint by security forces. Either you park in the Combat Zone to sleep, or you stick to the city's Outskirts.
#### Cube Hotel
Cube Hotels are located in Zones with Corporate, Moderate, and Combat Threat Ratings. This is by far the cheapest way to live in the city. You live in a single windowless room with a nice strong lock where you can touch both walls if you spread your arms. Flatpack furniture folds out of the walls, converting your cell from a chair with a desk to a bed with a small television. Living here, you can't realistically have more things than you could carry at any given time, plus the contents of a backpack you can safely store behind the bed when it folds into the wall. **Sleeping with more than one person in a cube is always sleeping uncomfortable and will leave you fatigued the next day (You have -2 to everything you attempt while fatigued)**. Down the hall, past all of your equally compacted neighbors, there is a common room that has running water and a bathroom with a shower. Even going near this common room is a bad idea unless you are properly gang affiliated. Most people keep three water bottles in their rooms just to avoid entering the common room. There's a single window on the opposite side of the cell block where these bottles are emptied. If you own a vehicle and you live here, you likely park it on the street.
#### Cargo Container
Cargo Containers are located in the Suburbs, Reclaimed Perimeter, and the Combat Zone. You'll have plenty of places to store your things, a bed to sleep comfortably, a desk, electricity, a refrigerator, microwave, and sink, protected by the security of a strong lock. In the Combat Zone, you'll be in danger the second you step outside, but if you live in the Outskirts, you'll be much safer. Restrooms, Showers, and Laundry are located in facilities you'll share with the residents of other Cargo Containers stacked nearby your container. If you own a vehicle and you live here, you likely park it on the street. If you live in the Combat Zone, it will probably get broken into on occasion. If you chose the Outskirts, it will probably be fine.
#### Studio Apartment
Studio Apartments are located in Zones with a Corporate, Moderate, or the Combat Threat Rating. The typical Studio is not spacious by any stretch of the imagination but is the first housing option that truly feels like your own private space. You'll have a bed to sleep comfortably, and a small kitchen, with range, oven, microwave, and a large refrigerator. You'll have your own private bathroom, with a shower where you can't be attacked. You'll have a tiny living room to decorate as you see fit. Laundry facilities are still shared with your neighbors, however. The Studio Apartment comes with a single space of protected parking, meaning your vehicle will be safe.
#### Two-Bedroom Apartment
Two-Bedroom Apartments are located in Zones with a Corporate, Moderate, or the Combat Threat Rating. This comfortable apartment has enough space for two people to live together without ripping each other's cybereyes out. Two Bedrooms, a full-size kitchen, one bathroom you'll probably squabble over, a living room with enough space for a comfortable couch, and laundry in the unit make this apartment seem like luxury when compared to a cargo container or a disgusting cube. The apartment comes with two spaces of protected parking, meaning your vehicles will be safe.
#### Upscale Conapt
Upscale Conapts are located in the Zones with a Corporate or Moderate Threat Rating. These are spacious two floor apartments with two bedrooms and bathrooms, in addition to a luxurious master bedroom and master bathroom on the second floor. Other amenities include a full kitchen, dining room, two living rooms, and a balcony with a nice view of the city. An Upscale Conapt comes with three spaces of protected parking, one of which can be located on the roof, perfect for an Air Vehicle. Your vehicles will be safe.
#### Luxury Penthouse
Luxury Penthouses are located on the tops of buildings in Zones with a Corporate Threat Rating. The height of luxury in city living. Two floor layout includes three bedrooms and two bathrooms on the first floor with a master bedroom and bathroom on the second floor. Other amenities include two living rooms, an entertainment room, facilities room, full kitchen, and palatial dining room. The Luxury Penthouse also spills out onto a private roof, on which is located an infinity pool, sitting area, and barbecue for entertaining, in addition to a private helipad. In addition to the helipad, the penthouse comes with four spaces of protected parking, accessible via private elevator. Your vehicles will be safe. Complementary maid service is also included, courtesy of the building management.
#### Corporate Conapt
Corporate Conapts are located in the Zones with a Corporate Threat Rating, in buildings controlled by individual Corporations. You can't rent or buy a Corporate Conapt, but you might be able to live in one if you know an Exec. The Conapts are luxury accommodations; two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a full-size kitchen, dining room, and large living room that opens up into a small balcony that usually smells like smoke. Laundry is in the unit. Surveillance by the Corp that controls the building should be expected in every room except the bathrooms. Messing with Corporate employee surveillance equipment will lead to a 50eb (Costly) fine if discovered, but the sound of the laundry machine is well known to interfere with their ability to record audio. Plenty of Execs treat a monthly 50eb fine as a cheap price to pay for privacy, and nobody has ever really gotten fired for it. Every Corporate Conapt comes with two spaces of protected parking, meaning your vehicles will be safe.
#### Corporate Beaverville House
A Beaverville House is located in the Executive Zone, in an area known affectionately by many as Beaverville. You can't rent one, because renters drive down property values and introduce strangers into the community. The streets are patrolled by Lazarus Corp private security. Owning a home in Beaverville gives you four security badges that grant access to the bullet train connecting it to the Corporate Zone, as well as the freedom to not be harassed by security while jogging in Beaverville. Aside from the security presence, Beaverville is a charming community full of freshly mown lawns, white picket fences, and culs-de-sac. It's the perfect place for the Corporate elite to raise a family. These smaller homes in Beaverville are quaint and neighborly. Two floors, three bedrooms, two bathrooms, with a master bedroom and bathroom on the second floor. The bottom floor contains a sunken living room that connects sidelong into a full-size kitchen, which exits onto a charming patio, like the set of a sitcom. The backyard and lawn are synthetic, constructed of Realtree™ and Realgrass™, the latest from Biotechnica. Complementary maid service is also included. Your Beaverville security badges will also grant you access to the country club located in the more well-appointed district of Beaverville. That is, assuming you are invited by an existing member. The country club is replete with facilities, including a world class restaurant, bar, world class gym, paddleball and tennis courts, golf, croquet, heated indoor pool, dedicated lap pool, hot tubs, sauna, and steam room. The country club also contains a business lounge that's considered neutral ground in the Corporate world, a place where even rival companies can meet and discuss terms. These are the closed doors behind which business really gets done.
#### Corporate Beaverville McMansion
In addition to the benefits of living in Beaverville in the Executive Zone, **which are listed above in the description of a mere Beaverville House**, living in a Beaverville McMansion means living there in a suburban castle of splendorous proportions. You'll have three floors, four bedrooms, five bathrooms, a master bedroom and bathroom, a four-car garage and a helipad. Three living rooms with vaulted ceilings, a bar in the basement, a personal gym, and a poolside patio. Your lawn is real grass. Your backyard is meticulously landscaped every season of the year by staff paid by the Homeowner's Association. Beaverville can’t have their best looking less. Complementary maid service is also included. Living in a Beaverville mansion isn't just about living there, it’s also a way to declare that you've arrived in the community. You have either paid enough to earn this recognition, or instead demand it by having very powerful friends, and the greater community recognizes both as being equally impressive. You can expect preferential treatment in the Country Club, which you live within walking distance to, whether it be on the golf course, its world class restaurant, or behind the natural leather doors of the business lounge. Your McMansion comes with six Beaverville security badges, but if you live like this, you'll hardly ever need to flash them.